Clarify the role of x-now-trace (#698)
zeit/docs: pages/docs/v2/routing/headers.mdx

## `x-now-trace`

Contains a list of [our data centers](/docs/v2/platform/regions-and-providers/) through which the request has traversed, usually the data center closest to you.

> Please note, this is where the request was processed, it is not necessarily where the lambda was executed, this could be different if you defined `regions` in your `now.json` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Note>The trace is where a request was processed, it is not necessarily where a lambda was executed, this could be different if you defined `regions` in your `now.json` file.</Note>
```

Reviewer: This needs Note to be imported, however
